Add note on linux compatibility of binaries (#314)
pygfx/wgpu-py: README.md

pip install wgpu
```

The wheels include the prebuilt binaries.

Note that on Linux you need to use at least **pip >= 20.3**, and one of the following
distributions, otherwise the binaries will not be available: ALT Linux 10+, RHEL 9+,

> Debian 11+, Fedora 34+, Mageia 8+, Photon OS 3.0 with updates, Ubuntu 21.04+.

Reviewer: Maybe just say "a recent distribution, see below for details", since there we also mention this list of distros.

> If you want to use a custom build instead, you can set the environment
> variable `WGPU_LIB_PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need/want to build wgpu-native yourself, you need to set the environment variable
`WGPU_LIB_PATH` to let wgpu-py know where the DLL is located.
```

to install the Vulkan drivers. You may want to force "Vulkan" while "D3D12" is
less mature.

On MacOS you need at least 10.13 (High Sierra) to have Vulkan support.

On Linux, it's advisable to install the proprietary drivers of your GPU (if you
have a dedicated GPU). You may need to `apt install mesa-vulkan-drivers`.
Wayland support is currently broken (we could use a hand to fix this).

**Note that on Linux, binary wheels are only available for manylinux_2_24**. That
means you can only install the binaries with **pip >= 20.3**, and need to use one
of the following distributions: ALT Linux 10+, RHEL 9+, Debian 11+, Fedora 34+,
Mageia 8+, Photon OS 3.0 with updates, Ubuntu 21.04+. See
[here](https://github.com/pypa/manylinux#manylinux) for more details on the
manylinux standard. Older platforms are not supported because the 

> [wgpu-native](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu-native) library wrapped by wgpu-py 

Reviewer: Is this true, strictly speaking? Are there no distro's that don't fall into manylinux_2_24, but that can compile and run wgpu-native successfully? If so, we may want to word this a bit differently to separate the two cases (wheel available vs wgpu can work).
